My classmates don't remember me
I was your high school deskmate.
He is a fraudster
He has a strong boyfriend
I can't even remember my poor studies
Why do you still remember you?
Boyfriend
Yeah, the performance three years ago was amazing
Female classmates are shameless
In front of everyone?
This fraudster
People come people
You let go, you dare to touch our guests
I can't afford the consequences of group me in
You still want to fight, right?
What are you arrogant as a fraudster?
If you want to go in, you can take out the invitation
But hurry up.
We'll go in and wait for you to save us.
Let's talk about your years as a duck
Hahahaha
What can he do to a fraudster?
Can you have a landlord's feast?
Oh, just wait there
Wait for me to pick up some leftovers.
Which grandma dog has been fed recently that is not a lung?
Hahahahaha, no dog can rob you.
Hahahaha
Isn't a person's random fee just an invitation?
Who takes me if I don't
No one in this world is entitled to
Ah!
crumpled
How dare you say invitation?
Here is your invitation.
Hahaha, just a piece of broken paper is said to be an invitation.
Yellow Dragon Feast
It's not a cat and a dog like you that can respect you
Airplane invitation?